[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>GEORGE NOORY: Well,
welcome to "Beyond Belief."
Dr. Linda Backman back with
us, a psychologist and hypnotic
regression therapist,
who has literally
guided thousands of
clients to understand
their souls, past lives,
and time between lives.
Linda, welcome back
to the program.
>>LINDA BACKMAN:
Thank you, George.
It's good to be back.
>>NOORY: How have you been?
>>BACKMAN: Well, thank you.
That's good to be well.
Yes.
>>NOORY: How did you get
involved in doing what you do?
>>BACKMAN: I had an
experience about 30 years ago.
I was not into this
work before that.
I had an experience through
the death of a colleague.
I had a colleague die.
And a very long
story made short,
I could sense him talking
to me from the other side.
I thought that was strange.
>>NOORY: Really?
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
And it was--
I knew it was real.
It felt real, but I'd never
experienced that before.
He also started showing
me scenes of past lives.
So I thought, well, either
I need my own psychologist,
or there's something
real about this.
And fortunately, I discovered
in talking to my husband
that my husband had always
believed in past lives.
We had never talked about that.
So I just hopped on the
journey of what can I
read, what can I learn.
And 30 years later, I've
been guiding regression
for about 27, 28 years.
>>NOORY: Has there
been anything that
has shocked you along the way?
>>BACKMAN: Yes I mean, I think
that some things that are not
new to me now but
were new to me then,
which I'm assuming we'll
talk about, today, souls that
don't necessarily incarnate
on Earth, souls that
come from the angelic realm.
In the beginning, that
was maybe not shocking,
but new information.
Surprising.
>>NOORY: Now you mix your
psychological and spiritual
work.
So what is psycho spiritual?
What is that?
>>BACKMAN: Yeah,
that's a good question.
Psycho spiritual
basically means--
spiritual, obviously,
means who are we
as a soul, why are we here, why
did we come into body, where
do we come from.
The psychological
piece is, how do we
understand why our
life is the way it is
and cope with it more
effectively based
on who we are as a soul.
>>NOORY: Fantastic.
Now how do you access the
information that you go out
and get?
>>BACKMAN: Well,
technically I use hypnosis.
You used that when you
introduce me, a lot of people
misunderstand hypnosis.
They think hypnosis
means you can
made to do embarrassing things.
You can lose
control of yourself.
Hypnosis is purely relaxation.
So I guide the client simply
into a more relaxed state.
They become more
intuitively open.
We through brain research
that when we relax--
we know through EEG
and brain scan research
that when we relax, our right
hemisphere of our brain, which
is where our intuitive
capabilities are held,
the right hemisphere
of our brain
becomes more lit
up on a brain scan.
So we simply are more open.
>>NOORY: I had heard that there
are different types of souls.
Originally, I only thought
there was one soul.
We have what we have.
But there are more than
one different types.
What are they?
>>BACKMAN: Correct.
I mean, a soul is
a soul is a soul.
But there are souls that are
designed to, you might say,
incarnate and
evolve differently.
So there are three
types of souls.
I've learned this through
client after client.
>>NOORY: Trial and error?
>>BACKMAN: Not so
much trial and error,
but the information that
automatically comes forward
in a regression.
When I'm not giving the
information to the client,
they're giving it to me.
So, some of us are
Earth-based souls.
People mistake, sometimes, and
think I'm saying Earth-bound.
>>NOORY: Is that number
one, Earth-based?
>>BACKMAN: That probably
what's most common, yeah,
in that sense of
being number one.
So an Earth-based
soul is a soul that
was designed to incarnate
and evolve in body on Earth,
usually, hundreds, if not
a thousand or more lives
on Earth, growing and
evolving, tripping
and falling in human life.
That's an Earth-based.
>>NOORY: That's one.
>>BACKMAN: That's one.
>>NOORY: What's the second?
>>BACKMAN: Second one is
an interplanetary soul.
People can exchange that term.
Starseed means the same.
ET means the same.
That's a soul that evolves
somewhere other than Earth,
evolves in an advanced culture
somewhere in the universe, star
system, planet.
And that's a soul
that comes to Earth
to aid humanity because they
come from an evolved culture.
So the term I was given
through regression
is interplanetary soul.
The only reason those souls
come into body on Earth
is because they come from
an evolved perspective.
They come to help us here.
>>NOORY: OK, that's number two.
>>BACKMAN: That's number two.
Number three-- there
are only three.
Number three is an angelic soul.
An angelic soul comes
from the angelic realm.
That realm of soul
supports the divine.
Call it the source.
Call it great spirit.
People can use their term.
The angelic, I'd like to
call it a cadre of souls.
Angelic souls carry the
energy of the high frequency
we think of as source.
That's basically a love
and compassion energy.
So their signature energy,
their reason for coming to Earth
is to aid a more acceptance,
a greater peace, love,
compassion, perspective.
>>NOORY: Now these different
types of souls, Linda,
that you have,
these one of three,
when do we know what we have?
When we die?
Or can we find out
when we're still alive?
>>BACKMAN: Oh, yeah, again,
a great question, George.
Some of my clients, before they
come for regression already
either know or have a sense of--
they'll say, I don't
come from here.
They'll say, Linda,
when I was a child,
I was fascinated with
staring out at the night sky.
I was fascinated with the
movement of the planets.
I knew I came from
somewhere out there.
I hear that sometimes.
Other clients come
for regression,
and they learn through the
regression their, what I call,
soul origin.
They learn that.
Yeah.
>>NOORY: And what is
important of the three?
Is there one more
important than the other?
>>BACKMAN: Absolutely not.
They are equally important.
Their role on Earth can
be somewhat different,
but they're not better
than each other.
They're not more
evolved than each other.
The value of understanding
am I Earth-based,
am I interplanetary,
am I angelic
is to understand our self.
So why do I feel so different?
Why do I have these
unique qualities?
>>NOORY: You have
a client of yours
who has talked about how her
life has been transformed.
Let's look.
>> The process of regression
with Linda has been absolutely
transformational for me
and very eye opening.
Going back through
time and experiencing
how certain events in the past,
which were very challenging,
had a lesson hidden and how
that lesson shows up today
in my life has been priceless.
The ability to
understand and identify
patterns of thinking, patterns
of behavior that trace back
through lifetimes, and that
still show up in my life today,
holding me back, is
powerful information
that I can use right now to
be more effective as a leader,
as a professional, as
a mother, as a friend.
And the most important part
for me, my favorite part,
has been to trace and experience
where my soul is coming from.
It gave me clarity on and answer
really the questions that I had
on why am I feeling this way?
Why am I feeling inadequate
or that I don't belong truly
where I am.
It gave me the
information that I needed.
It gave me a sense of relief.
It gave me a sense of peace.
I experienced joy.
It really ignited
a new energy in me.
And Linda, through her process,
she's absolutely professional,
caring, and I felt
at every single step
that I was being taken care of.
And that I was in good hands.
>>NOORY: Well, you got
high grades on that.
>>BACKMAN: This is a lovely
woman, fascinating woman.
>>NOORY: You changed her life.
>>BACKMAN: Yes, and
it and it gave her
a sense of understanding
herself, as well as accepting
the drive that she has.
She's a woman that
supports Latinas,
and she has spent years
working in the corporate world,
but she's doing, writing
about helping Latinas
embrace their skills, their
capabilities, and why they're
here.
But she now understands herself
more effectively, which I love.
>>NOORY: Why did she come
to you in the first place?
>>BACKMAN: She had
learned about my work.
People come to me.
I think the most common question
that people that they carry
and that they bring when
they come for a regression
is, why am I here?
What's my purpose?
What are my intentions?
Why is my life sometimes
been challenging?
Why did I have
difficult parents?
>>NOORY: They're
confused, aren't they?
>>BACKMAN: Totally.
>>NOORY: In many cases.
>>BACKMAN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And you try to put
them back in perspective.
I think what I love,
George, once upon a time,
years ago, I was a
conventional psychologist.
I liked doing that work.
I felt a different
kind of responsibility.
I felt a little bit more
weight on my shoulders
in general psychology.
My job, in many ways,
is a facilitator.
I facilitate the regression,
and the information
comes through the client.
I don't give them
the information.
I simply support them to
access the information.
>>NOORY: Linda, are you
surprised, sometimes,
at what you hear
from the client?
>>BACKMAN: I would say yes.
At this stage of
my working life--
>>NOORY: You've heard it all?
>>BACKMAN: It would take
a lot to surprise me.
But I have clients on
spaceships, spacecraft.
They can describe
the craft in detail.
They can describe the
role of various souls
on the craft and the purpose
of functioning on a spacecraft.
Today, I find that fascinating.
Years ago, I would have thought
that was extremely strange.
>>NOORY: Absolutely.
Did they ever talk about moments
in hell or anything like that?
>>BACKMAN: Honestly, in,
again, about 27 years
of guiding regression, I have
never had a client describe
a place that would be hell.
I think if there is
hellacious experience,
it's here in body on Earth.
>>NOORY: Right.
>>BACKMAN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Now after
sessions with your clients,
how did they feel?
>>BACKMAN: Initially, they
feel a little bit, I might say,
like a deer in the headlights.
Initially, when we
close the regression
and then I take time to
process the session with them,
there's a lot to absorb.
There's a lot to sift
through and pick through.
But they discover
things like, oh, here's
why I have these feelings
about this friend.
This friend was my
spouse, and my spouse
died early in our marriage.
And I've always
wondered why I was
afraid of losing this friend.
That's just one example.
So they receive, usually,
so much information,
both past life and
soul level information
that it takes a while
to pick through it,
and I assist them to absorb
it and find understanding.
>>NOORY: The first type of
soul that you just mentioned
was the Earth-based soul.
Exactly what is that?
>>BACKMAN: So an
Earth-based soul
is designed to come to Earth.
An Earth-based
soul begins almost
like a kindergartner,
if you will,
a kindergarten level soul
just learning the basics,
just like what a child
learns in school.
>>NOORY: From
ground zero, right?
>>BACKMAN: From ground zero.
There are also--
I'll add, people
might find this interesting.
There is a soul nursery
in the higher realm.
There is a prep
place, if you will,
where Earth-based souls are
prepared to come to Earth
before they come to Earth.
>>NOORY: Do they generally
have different human traits
and personalities?
>>BACKMAN: Souls
have a signature,
I call it, a soul archetype.
There are seven.
I've learned this
through regression.
There are seven soul archetypes.
And so, we come--
when our soul is new, we
carry a signature orientation
to life, one of
seven archetypes.
>>NOORY: Is the goal then
to stay an Earth-based soul
or to move on into
something else?
>>BACKMAN: If we're
an Earth-based soul,
we're always an
Earth-based soul.
>>NOORY: It is what it is.
>>BACKMAN: It Is what it is.
There are some of the
earliest Earth-based souls
that continue to incarnate.
One I've learned a
fair amount about
is one we might
call the Moses soul.
So I'm not teaching
religion when I say this.
The Moses soul is the soul
that was the soul of Moses.
That soul has been
coming to Earth long
before the time of Moses.
That soul continues
to incarnate on Earth
to affect change in humanity.
>>NOORY: Can you
have many people
with the same kind of soul?
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
You can have-- a soul can
incarnate in more than one body
simultaneously.
That's only an advanced
soul, and that's only--
I think it's fair
to say that's almost
only an Earth-based soul.
>>NOORY: So when you
die, does the soul
separate from the body?
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
>>NOORY: And then
where does it go?
What does it do?
>>BACKMAN: So when we're born
we have a fractal, a portion,
a slice of the pie, if
you will, of our soul.
We bring a percentage
of our soul energy
into our body at birth.
That's what causes us
to live and breathe.
The remainder is
our higher self.
The remainder is our soul in the
higher realm called the higher
self.
When we die, that
slice of our soul
automatically exits the body.
It's on autopilot,
you might say.
Many of us who've been
around a loved one,
who's passing or has passed,
will feel that shift.
That slice of soul returns
to the higher self.
That's tied to the
regression that I do.
We follow that journey
at the end of a past life
in the regression.
>>NOORY: Who decides what the
soul does, how it reincarnates,
how it incarnates?
>>BACKMAN: We always
have spiritual guides.
We are never without a guiding
force from the higher realms.
>>NOORY: Tell us about
these guides, Linda.
>>BACKMAN: So an Earth-based
soul, an interplanetary soul,
an angelic soul always has
a lead or a senior guide.
That guide is a soul
in the higher realm.
>>NOORY: It's just
like a guardian angel?
>>BACKMAN: Yes, perfect term.
>>NOORY: All right.
>>BACKMAN: Perfect term.
They assist us.
Sometimes, we sense them.
I have some clients
who will say,
you know, I've been
talking to Bernadette,
my guide, since I was 12.
Others of us-- other clients
will say, I sense a guide,
but I don't have a--
I don't have a human image.
I don't have a name.
I just sense guidance.
Either is perfectly legitimate.
>>NOORY: One of
my favorite poems
is Footprints in the
Sand, and it basically
is about an individual
who thinks that God
has forsaken him, has left him.
And he talked about how
he walks in the sand,
but only sees one
set of footprints.
And he thinks they're his.
God, where are you?
You've left me.
Well, God comes and
talks to him and says--
and I'm paraphrasing the poem--
those are my footprints.
I carried you.
Does that happen in real life?
>>BACKMAN: You
bring up some really
important and interesting
topics, like what is God?
Are we guided by God and
those sorts of things.
I do have clients.
At times, they're
usually angelic souls
who feel direct communication
from the divine,
and they use their own term.
I have one client I've
regressed more than once.
She's an angelic soul.
She refers to speaking with
the great divine director.
>>NOORY: The man in charge.
>>BACKMAN: Yes, exactly.
>>NOORY: How do you know
they're not hallucinating?
>>BACKMAN: Great question.
When I trained
people in regression,
I train people to what I like
to call corroborating evidence.
So when we've guided this type
of regression over and over,
we learn about colors
in the higher realm
and what those colors mean, what
the frequency of those colors
mean.
We learn about what are
the indications when
a client crosses over
from a past life,
from the ending of a past
life in the regression.
What are the indications
they're an interplanetary soul?
So the regression therapist
has to be educated, almost
like a semi-encyclopedia
in your brain about soul,
so that as the therapist, I look
for pieces that fit together.
I don't share those with the
client during the regression.
>>NOORY: You do not.
Why not?
>>BACKMAN: Because I
want their regression
to be spontaneous and clean.
>>NOORY: OK, without
any influence.
>>BACKMAN: Exactly.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>NOORY: Do people who
have done bad things still
have these spirit
guides that help them?
>>BACKMAN: Oh, yes.
I would say, no matter
what we've done--
someone, there was
infidelity, let's
just say, in a past
life or a current life.
Our guide never leaves us.
Our guide is benevolent,
not judgmental.
It's not their job
to be judgmental.
It's their job to be
supportive and guide us
toward more effective behavior.
>>NOORY: What if somebody like
Ted Bundy, a serial killer,
who would help that
person spiritually?
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
I mean, that brings up
the notion of free will.
So a Ted Bundy, a
Hitler, a Saddam Hussein,
that is human free will
choice to behave in those
nefarious ways.
And our guides are not happy
with that kind of behavior.
>>NOORY: Have they
failed, the guides?
>>BACKMAN: The
guides haven't failed
because the guides do what
they can to, if you will,
guide or direct that soul
to behave differently.
>>NOORY: But obviously, with
a Ted Bundy or somebody else,
they're not doing what
they're supposed to do.
>>BACKMAN: That's correct.
That's correct.
And that is the unique
quality of Earth incarnation
is that we have a
plan, but I like
to say we can go off script
because we can use free will.
When we cross over
from that lifetime,
we are met with a panel
of senior teachers.
And they ask us to own up
to what we did or didn't do.
If we own up to it, we're dealt
with somewhat differently.
If we try to pull the wool
over the eyes of that team
of advanced souls, call them
ascended masters, if you want,
they are not happy
with that at all.
>>NOORY: Linda,
how many past lives
do most Earth-bound souls have?
>>BACKMAN: Probably,
George, hundreds, if not
more than a thousand.
>>NOORY: That many?
>>BACKMAN: And it
depends on where we
are in our evolutionary path.
If you think about a
10-point scale of evolution,
if we're a three or
a four, we probably
have maybe 200 lives, 300 lives.
If we're an advanced
soul coming into body,
and we're, let's just say, a
7 or an 8 on a scale of 10,
we probably have
hundreds of lives.
>>NOORY: Are they similar lives?
Do they all die the same?
Do they do different things
or same things in life?
>>BACKMAN: Yes and no.
The yes and no is because
of this archetypal energy
that we carry as a soul,
we have an orientation.
In certain ways, we might
be a teacher of types.
We might be someone
more behind the scenes,
supportive of others, that
our soul nature shows up
in our lives.
On the other hand, no,
we don't die the same.
I've worked with
clients and discovering
many of their lives,
and they certainly
don't all die from a disease.
They don't always
die from old age.
There are so many
ways that we can pass.
>>NOORY: The second type
of soul you mentioned
was the interplanetary soul.
What is that?
>>BACKMAN: So the
woman you heard
speak, the client of mine,
she's an interplanetary soul.
I just call it an IP
soul to make it easy.
Interplanetary souls aren't
used to being in body on Earth,
so they're not used
to these human bodies
and how these physical
bodies function.
They're also not used
to human ways of life.
>>NOORY: Are they into
the ET souls and bodies?
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
And so, they could
be called ET souls.
The same term would fit.
When I regressed them,
and they learn they're
an IP or an ET soul, we learn--
I'm thinking about one
from just the other day.
They often go to
their home location
in the higher realm that is
always an advanced location,
but they may have an
unusual type of body.
They may have an
insect-like body.
>>NOORY: Praying mantis
type, that kind of thing?
>>BACKMAN: Exactly I
believe mantis beings are
very, very real and
not dangerous to us
because I've had many clients
describe their IP home location
form as like a mantis.
>>NOORY: What determines
if you're an earthbound
soul or an interplanetary soul?
>>BACKMAN: People ask me
that, and my understanding--
I mean, sometimes, I have
to say to clients, well,
that might be
above my pay grade.
>>NOORY: Nothing's
above your pay grade.
>>BACKMAN: So my
sense, George, is
that there's a higher
realm process that
decides on creating
new Earth-based souls,
new interplanetary
souls, new angelic souls.
An important understanding about
IP souls, interplanetary souls,
is that they may struggle
with health issues.
Because they've not
been in these bodies,
they may struggle
with digestive issues.
>>NOORY: Are there similarities
with interplanetary souls?
If you had 10 of
them in human bodies,
would they all have
traits the same?
>>BACKMAN: If I had 10 IP souls
in a room, probably, 7 to 8
of those 10 have some
health issue they struggle.
>>NOORY: Really?
That's remarkable.
>>BACKMAN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Serious, not serious?
>>BACKMAN: Serious,
not serious, but more--
they usually have
some advanced skill,
whether it's an artistic skill,
a music skill, a type of work,
a left brain skill, a numbers
skill, and a technology skill.
They always are
advanced in some way.
I say to them when they
discover in a regression,
if that's the way they discover
their IP, I say to them,
there's only one
reason you're in body.
It's because you come from a
place of advanced way of life,
and you're bringing those
skills to Earth to aid Earth.
But at times, they struggle
with all kinds of issues,
from health issues
to emotional issues.
They need to know
who they are so
that they know why they're
here, so that they can immerse
themselves in accepting that.
>>NOORY: Who puts them here?
>>BACKMAN: Advanced souls,
advanced interplanetary souls
who--
actually, let me add a piece
because I think it's important.
Through regression, I have
never come across a client that
came into body and was coerced.
So when we say puts
them here, who helps
them decide whether
to come and why?
Those are guides.
Do they come because
they've been forced?
No.
I've never found that.
>>NOORY: Not at all.
Linda had a client during
a regression, who dies
in a past life and travels back
to where his soul came from.
It's truly amazing.
>>BACKMAN: Your soul has
stepped out of your body
as it naturally does.
Remember you've experienced
this many, many times.
You're moving into a place
of expanded awareness, as you
become aware that you are
looking at your body as opposed
to being in your body.
Does that feel correct?
>> Yes it looks very
much like before.
>>BACKMAN: Very good.
So you're now in touch
with your soul level.
>> I'm blue.
It feels like a stretchy light.
I'm moving from a dark
night with all the stars
toward a round opening of light
>>BACKMAN: OK, good.
>> It has ripples in it
in the sides of the walls,
like a stretchy tube.
It's dark with lots of stars.
It feels like I've
gone through something,
and then I'm just there.
>>BACKMAN: You're just where?
>> In this very vast place.
I'm just floating there.
>>BACKMAN: How do
you feel where you
are in this vast place,
where you're floating.
>> I feel safe.
I'm just not sure what
I'm supposed to do.
>>BACKMAN: OK.
Take your time.
You'll be shown or guided.
>> There's another
body coming toward me.
It's a very warm energy.
>>BACKMAN: So see what
this energy wants to do.
>> It wants me to follow it.
>>BACKMAN: OK.
>> We seem to be going
toward like a Milky Way.
Beautiful.
It feels like a large
round table of light,
with other lights
swirling in it.
They're my friends,
to welcome me back.
I'm asking them what else?
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
>> You're always provided
for, one of them said.
Remember who you are.
>>NOORY: When you got
that information from him,
was he hypnotically regressed?
>>BACKMAN: Yes, this is
part of his regression.
>>NOORY: Now, when he
comes out of the hypnosis,
does he remember
what he said, or does
he have to watch this video?
>>BACKMAN: For the
most part, yes,
the client remembers
what they've said.
I record all sessions, and the
client receives the recording.
They may forget
little small details,
but the client is basically
aware of what's happening
and what they're saying.
>>NOORY: Did he think he was
an extraterrestrial soul?
>>BACKMAN: Well, this client--
and I love that we're using
this particular client.
This client is an angelic soul.
In the regression,
this client learns
he is from the angelic realm.
So he's not--
>>NOORY: He did not
know that before that.
>>BACKMAN: He did not.
>>NOORY: Why is it important
for us to know what type of soul
you are?
>>BACKMAN: Because it helps
us understand our nature.
It helps us understand our
attitudes, our feelings.
An angelic soul,
in particular, may
struggle with human stress,
human opposition, one human
not treating the other in
the most benevolent way.
That's a particular
struggle for an angelic soul
because they come
from a realm that is
pure love and pure compassion.
So when they know
that, they can ease off
being so upset by human behavior
that always isn't so kind.
>>NOORY: Linda, what brings
an interplanetary soul down
to good old planet Earth?
>>BACKMAN: Because
that interplanetary
soul has agreed to
come to Earth to help
aid Earth in understanding
humanity and advancing
humanity.
>>NOORY: Is that their mission?
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
Yes.
The woman that we listened
to, the interplanetary soul
that we've listened
to, she's come
to support women
of a culture where
the culture hasn't taught
those women to let their skills
shine.
And that's part of her
mission in this current life.
>>NOORY: So as
human beings, they
must be pretty enlightened
at the same time.
>>BACKMAN: It's interesting.
Yes, they're enlightened.
And oftentimes,
an interplanetary
soul because they know
they're different,
they may not understand it.
But they know they're different.
And so, sometimes, they struggle
with living their mission.
They struggle with coming
forward with their wisdom
because they just haven't
been on Earth many times.
>>NOORY: Of the
three souls, we've
talked about-- we'll get into
angelic in a second here.
Which one would
you prefer to be?
>>BACKMAN: Well,
I know what I am.
But so, you're saying,
probably, if I had a choice--
>>NOORY: I think you're angelic.
That's my guess.
>>BACKMAN: Actually, I'm not.
>>NOORY: You're not?
>>BACKMAN: I'm an
Earth-based soul.
>>NOORY: You are?
>>BACKMAN: I am.
I am.
>>NOORY: Are you glad you are?
>>BACKMAN: I think
the answer is yes.
I'm an Earth-based soul.
I know a lot about
my own past lives.
I know I've been coming to
Earth for a very long time,
so it makes it somewhat easier
for me to function on Earth.
But I think that people who
are spiritually oriented,
at times, struggle with
life, struggle with humanity.
Because, often, spiritual
people desire for humanity
to operate more effectively,
from a place of higher
integrity.
As an Earth-based soul,
I just have a fair amount
of Earth experience.
So does that make it easy for
me to live every day of my life?
Of course, not.
But easier.
So, yes, I'm an
Earth-based soul.
>>NOORY: If you're
this Earth-based soul,
whether you're Earth-based,
angelic, or interplanetary,
how does it affect
you on this planet?
>>BACKMAN: So I'll speak
about interplanetary souls,
and then I'll speak
about angelics.
Interplanetary souls
often struggle.
They just struggle with
the way of life of humans,
and that's not to say that there
aren't humans of capability
and integrity and kindness.
There certainly are.
>>NOORY: We know there are.
>>BACKMAN: But
interplanetary souls, this
is not their home location.
This is not familiar territory.
So they might have
health issues.
They might have
these, sometimes,
complicating digestive issues.
And yet, we need them.
They need to be here.
We need their wisdom.
We need their perspective.
>>NOORY: When you meet someone,
can you tell what type of soul
they are, just merely
by talking to them?
>>BACKMAN: Often, yes,
if I have enough time
to learn about their
life history a bit,
relationships, their health,
their attitude about
their current life.
Often, yes, I can tell,
simply because I've
listened to so many clients that
are all three types of souls.
>>NOORY: Can one of these souls
switch to another type of soul?
>>BACKMAN: Good question.
People ask me that a lot.
The answer is no.
>>NOORY: You can't.
You are what you are.
>>BACKMAN: You are
what you are, totally.
>>NOORY: Until the end of time.
>>BACKMAN: Yes,
except, maybe, I'll
add-- this is
probably important.
You are what you are, yes,
until the end of time.
An Earth-based soul
that is experienced,
usually, has a few
interplanetary past lives.
So part of the reason I
understand IPs, if you will,
is because I have had
a small number of lives
not on this planet.
But primarily, I've
come here over and over.
>>NOORY: You've been anchored
to good old planet Earth.
>>BACKMAN: That's right.
>>NOORY: Let's talk
about angelic souls,
what creates them.
>>BACKMAN: Well, there
is a divine force
that coordinates Earth.
My understanding of that divine
force, we can call it God.
We can call it the source.
Kabbalah has a beautiful
word, Shekinah.
My understanding
about source that
is a group soul of approximately
four highly advanced souls, who
do what they can to guide Earth.
They can't come down here and--
>>NOORY: Meddle.
>>BACKMAN: They don't
have that ability.
They can only guide.
So there is a
group of souls that
make up the angelic
realm, who support--
you might call them
ambassadors of source.
They carry source energy.
The angelic realm is
led by the archangels.
There are more than
four archangels.
We think about the four
classic archangels--
Michael, Gabriel,
Raphael, and Uriel.
There are more than
four, and then there
are other angelic souls that
make up the angelic realm.
When they agree
to come to Earth,
and they don't come
often, many of those souls
don't ever come to Earth.
But they come to
Earth to bring--
the easiest way to put it in the
words are a little bit hollow.
They bring a love and
compassion perspective.
>>NOORY: Interesting.
>>BACKMAN: That is who
they are as people.
>>NOORY: Do you remember
that wonderful movie,
"It's a Wonderful Life"
with Jimmy Stewart?
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
>>NOORY: Angel Clarence
comes down to save his life.
Is there that kind of influence?
Does that happen?
>>BACKMAN: Yeah, that's
another great question.
My understanding is
that thousands of years
ago, souls could-- even
angelic souls, materialize
in an adult body and
then dematerialize.
I've been told many
times in regression,
that no longer happens.
So if an angelic soul is
going to come into body,
they're going to be
born as an infant.
I'll also just add--
people may find this
interesting-- at least two
of the archangels,
Michael and Gabriel,
incarnate even now
in human bodies.
That's come up a number of
times with regression clients.
>>NOORY: So there
may be people walking
around today who have the
incarnate soul of an archangel?
>>BACKMAN: That is correct.
>>NOORY: That's amazing.
>>BACKMAN: And you know, I'm
pretty discerning, I think.
I don't just buy.
Someone comes for a
regression, and they
say, well, I know I'm
archangel Gabriel or whatever.
I need for the regression to
contain a lot of information,
to have a flow.
And again., I have my own
ways of fitting information
together to see if one
piece of the regression
supports another piece
of the regression.
But the answer,
honestly, is yes.
Archangel Michael and
archangel Gabriel do incarnate
as everyday average people.
>>NOORY: That is amazing.
Can they incarnate in many
people at the same time?
>>BACKMAN: Yes, because
they're so advanced.
Energetically, they can
manage more than one
concurrent incarnation.
>>NOORY: And they want
our betterment, I assume?
>>BACKMAN: That's the
only reason they come.
They come, again, to assist
humanity to progress.
>>NOORY: If you had your choice
of being one of the three,
what kind of soul
would you pick?
>>BACKMAN: I think
if I had my choice,
I'd probably be an angelic soul.
The angelic souls that I know,
and I know some quite well.
I've regressed them
more than once.
The man we heard, speaking
in the regression,
is an angelic soul.
They have this
core of acceptance,
this core of lack
of judgment that I
don't find in many people.
It's a depth of caring
and non-judgment
that is almost indescribable.
>>NOORY: It's a love
for people, isn't it?
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
>>NOORY: Unconditional?
>>BACKMAN: Yes, they're
beautiful individuals.
>>NOORY: Are there many on
this planet, percentage-wise?
>>BACKMAN: No, and my
understanding is there might be
2% of the human population--
>>NOORY: That's it?
>>BACKMAN: --who
are angelic souls.
It's not very common.
>>NOORY: What is
the highest percent?
>>BACKMAN: Earth-based souls.
>>NOORY: Earth-based.
>>BACKMAN: Yeah.
They are what they are.
>>BACKMAN: They
are what they are.
>>NOORY: You believe in
extraterrestrial life, Linda?
>>BACKMAN: Absolutely.
>>NOORY: Are they going through
the same thing we're going?
Seeking, looking, trying
to find out who they are,
where they came from?
>>BACKMAN: Yes, I
think that there are so
many locations in
the higher realm
and the celestial
realm of ET souls
or IP souls, however
we want to term,
that each culture's different.
But, yes, I think they
are seeking to advance,
seeking to grow, seeking
to aid the universe.
I learn about things
like what we might call
a council in the higher realm.
So there is an interplanetary
council in the higher realm.
It's made up of souls from
various IP or ET locations,
and it is almost like
a parliament of sorts,
where these IP souls are
working together to aid Earth.
>>NOORY: Teamwork.
>>BACKMAN: Teamwork, absolutely.
>>NOORY: What is
the divine force?
Is that the God force?
>>BACKMAN: Yes.
Yes.
>>NOORY: What does it do?
>>BACKMAN: It strives.
That force strives to help
humanity grow and advance.
They strive to help us deal
with inappropriate behavior.
We have political situations
right now all over the world,
whether you think of
the Sudan or Ukraine.
It strives to aid what
I like to call nefarious
behavior, free will, nefarious
behavior of certain humans.
It strives to help us alter
that, to move beyond that,
to supersede that
or grow beyond that.
>>NOORY: Of the
three types of souls,
are they all equal in
terms of importance,
or is one more important
than the other?
>>NOORY: Absolutely all equal.
All equally important.
All can be equally evolved,
depending on where they are
in their evolutionary process.
But one is not better
than the other.
You've listened to a couple
of clients, where one is IP,
and the other is angelic.
If you were to
meet these people,
they're just average people.
But no, they're all
of equal importance.
>>NOORY: Have you ever
had a client come to you
that is totally troubled,
and then by the time
your sessions are done,
they feel wonderful again?
>>BACKMAN: I guess
I would say, yes,
I've had clients come who are
troubled with relationship
issues, troubled with health
issues, monetary issues.
Once they have their
regression and we
work with the content
of the regression--
I mean, I wouldn't
say that it's like
You know instantaneously,
but explanations come forward
about health issues.
Why did I have that mother
that behaved that way, that
sibling that behaved that way?
It gives them insight
that they often
don't gain in another manner.
>>NOORY: And how can
an individual pinpoint
the type of soul they may be?
>>BACKMAN: To some
extent, that's my job.
That's my job to keep
asking questions.
You can hear me asking
questions in these--
particularly the
man the recording,
I keep pushing for information.
And when I ask questions, I make
them as open-ended as possible.
I don't say, so are
you an angelic soul?
I say, so where does
your soul come from?
I look for defining features.
A fascinating piece about
regression with angelic souls
is, often, when that soul
crosses over in the regression,
moving beyond the death
scene of the past life,
the soul describes their
soul energy with wings.
They have wings, which, in
the beginning, surprised me.
And then, I began
to realize, that's
the higher realms signal to me
and to the client that client
is usually an angelic soul.
>>NOORY: What is
your next evolution?
What's next for you?
>>BACKMAN: I'm excited
about an upcoming trip.
I have a bucket list.
I haven't satisfied
that bucket list.
I'm co-leading, co-teaching,
taking a group to Egypt
to study the ancient wisdom,
to study the ancient dynasties,
and working with
an Egyptologist.
>>NOORY: That's exciting.
My father was born in Cairo.
God rest his soul.
Not Egyptian, but that's
where he popped, and he came.
How do people find you?
>>BACKMAN: They can find
me through my website.
>>NOORY: Which is?
>>BACKMAN: ravenheartcenter.com.
>>NOORY: H-E-A-R-T?
>>BACKMAN: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Linda, thank you
for being on "Beyond Belief."
>>BACKMAN: My pleasure.
Thank you.
>>NOORY: You're a delight.
>>BACKMAN: Thank you.
>>NOORY: What kind
of soul are you?
Are you Earth-based?
Are you interplanetary?
Are you angelic?
One day, you'll find out, and
it could change your life.
Thanks for watching
"Beyond Belief."
[THEME MUSIC]